Update severity part for .NET 9 (#39570)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/style-rules/language-rules.md

- **Severity** (optional in Visual Studio 2019 and later versions)

>   The second part of the rule specifies the [severity level](../configuration-options.md#severity-level) for the rule. In .NET 9 and later versions, the severity is always respected&mdash;that is, inside development IDEs *and* during command-line builds. In .NET 8 and earlier versions, this severity setting is only respected inside development IDEs, such as Visual Studio, and *not* during build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The second part of the rule specifies the [severity level](../configuration-options.md#severity-level) for the rule. In .NET 9 and later versions, the severity is always respected&mdash;that is, inside development IDEs *and* during command-line builds. Before .NET 9, this severity setting is only respected inside development IDEs, such as Visual Studio, and *not* during build.
```
